Albert Einstein wears Bruce Schneier pajamas
Anybody can invent a cryptosystem he cannot break himself.  Except Bruce Schneier.
Bruce bench presses Core memory.  Encrypted Core memory.
Bruce is so influential that a blog link is indistinguishable from a DDoS attack
Bruce Schneier accurately predicts the random.
Bruce Schneier already knows what you got him for Christmas. 
Bruce Schneier always has prime ribs and scrambled eggs for breakfast.
Bruce Schneier always knows how many jelly beans are in the jar
Bruce Schneier and Lance Armstrong once had a contest to see who had more testicles.  Bruce was forced to forfeit when no one could decrypt his scrotum.
Bruce Schneier beard has the bigger prime number of hairs
Bruce Schneier built his entire house out of Euler Bricks with integer space diagonals.
Bruce Schneier can bend titanium alloy into a Penrose triangle.
Bruce Schneier can break elliptic curve cryptography by bending it to a circle.
Bruce Schneier can calculate the permanent of a matrix in polytime.
Bruce Schneier can compute discrete logarithms in polynomial time. With his fists.
Bruce Schneier can decipher NaN
Bruce Schneier can decrypt your PKI message with the public key.
Bruce Schneier can detect entropy in a single bit
Bruce Schneier can detect stealth fighters with his antique radio.
Bruce Schneier can determine if a program terminates just by looking at it. And then the program terminates itself.
Bruce Schneier can divide by zero.
Bruce Schneier can find Waldo in one chronon.
Bruce Schneier can force Brownian motion to go in one direction only
Bruce Schneier CAN forge his own signature.
Bruce Schneier can get exact answers using Monte Carlo methods with only one random sample.
Bruce Schneier can guarantee fair exchange without trusted third parties.
Bruce Schneier can hear sounds through vacuum.
Bruce Schneier can log into any computer just by staring down the prompt.
Bruce Schneier can make onion routers cry.
Bruce Schneier can make pasta with ragu using the Sieve of Eratosthenes.
Bruce Schneier can read and understand Perl programs.
Bruce Schneier can read captchas.
Bruce Schneier can receive and transmit RFID with his mind.
Bruce Schneier can recite pi.  Backwards.
Bruce Schneier can reuse his printer cartridges.
Bruce Schneier can slam a logic gate. 
Bruce Schneier can stop bullets with elliptic curves and can break elliptic curves with bullets.
Bruce Schneier can tap fiber optic cable just by smelling it.
Bruce Schneier can tell exactly where you are by reading ECHELON data. In realtime.
Bruce Schneier can tell you where to find your GPG key into the digits of PI. 
Bruce Schneier can tune an antenna by whistling the desired resonant frequency.
Bruce Schneier can van eck phreak Waldo on every page from three bookshelves away. 
Bruce Schneier can watch diplomatic channels using a TiVo.
Bruce Schneier can write a recursive program that proves the Riemann Hypothesis. In Malbolge.
Bruce Schneier can zoom in further than you can on Google Maps.
Bruce Schneier counted an infinite set. Backwards.
Bruce Schneier counts in binary. With his fists.
Bruce Schneier cuts meat in prime number lengths.
Bruce Schneier decided the color of the blue box
Bruce Schneier decrypts with a universal turing machine.
Bruce Schneier derives his skills from arsenic contaminated squid jerky.
Bruce Schneier does not get kidney stones. He gets Rosetta Stones.
Bruce Schneier does not share forks when eating with dining philosophers.
Bruce Schneier does not sleep. He preempts everything.
Bruce Schneier drinks from a Klein Bottle
Bruce Schneier expects the Spanish Inquisition.
Bruce Schneier factors integers in constant time.
Bruce Schneier found a loophole in the LaMacchia Loophole.
Bruce Schneier found the inverse of the constant zero function.
Bruce Schneier generated his RSA key with the two largest prime numbers.
Bruce Schneier gets the jokes in the Voynich MS.
Bruce Schneier has a life. Not like you all NERDS.
Bruce Schneier has already solved the Goldbach Conjecture.  He just enjoys watching us try.
Bruce Schneier has an answer for the Cosmic AC
Bruce Schneier has a secret love child with Carol AND Alice.
Bruce Schneier has a set of SSH Bump Keys.
Bruce Schneier has the body of a model.  A threat model. 
Bruce Schneier implanted the passphrase to your private key into your brain before you typed it
Bruce Schneier instantly knows the amount of Jelly Beans in a jar.
Bruce Schneier invented his own numeral system with base infinity so he can count to infinity with only one digit.
Bruce Schneier is able to read every Unlambda program.
Bruce Schneier is always the man in the middle.
Bruce Schneier is an asshole.
Bruce Schneier is a proof that one way functions do not exist.
Bruce Schneier is chock full of midichlorians.
Bruce Schneier is hidden in your markov model
Bruce Schneier is the Bombe
Bruce Schneier is the guy that put Stephen Hawking in that wheelchair.
Bruce Schneier is the root of all certificates.
Bruce Schneier is the seed for your random number generator.
Bruce Schneier keeps constant time.
Bruce Schneier knew you would read this.
Bruce Schneier knows where Carmen Sandiego is.
Bruce Schneier knows where Grigori Perelman is.
Bruce Schneier knows who the Anonymous Coward is
Bruce Schneier knows you are reading this.
Bruce Schneier knows your password before you do.
Bruce Schneier makes a mean Bearnaise sauce. But you need a password to access it. 
Bruce Schneier never gets picked for a random search at the airport.
Bruce Schneier once beat an asymmetric cipher into symmetry.
Bruce Schneier once compressed a single bit of information to half its size.
Bruce Schneier once could not decrypt something. Then he woke up.
Bruce Schneier once decrypted a box of AlphaBits.
Bruce Schneier once gave a roundhouse kick to the Internet. The backbone collapsed.
Bruce Schneier once had a sperm count but the results were random each time they checked it.
Bruce Schneier once killed a man using only linear cryptanalysis.
Bruce Schneier once seeded a random number generator with the last output.
Bruce Schneier PGP signs his grocery lists so that he can detect if someone has tampered with his milk.
Bruce Schneier puts his pants on in constant time... no matter how many legs he has.
Bruce Schneier puts the AES in asskicking.
Bruce Schneier reads RFID cards with the knuckles of his clenched fist.
Bruce Schneier reads Slashdot with an oscilloscope.
Bruce Schneier rounds to infinity.
Bruce Schneiers Erdös Number is smaller than zero.
Bruce Schneier sits at the top of the arithmetical hierarchy.
Bruce Schneier slashdotted slashdot.
Bruce Schneier solved the two envelope paradox by taking both.
Bruce Schneier speaks fluent Navajo.
Bruce Schneier stole my bike.
Bruce Schneier tampers with tamperproof hardware.
Bruce Schneier tapdances in Morse Code.
Bruce Schneier taught Chuck Norris how to divide by zero as they stood silent in an elevator.
Bruce Schneier taught his dog to do a secure handshake
Bruce Schneier ties his shoes with a Gordian Knot
Bruce Schneier turns snake oil into biodiesel in his garage.
Bruce Schneier uses a different salt for his soup everyday.
Bruce Schneier uses a trinary CPU in his workstation.
Bruce Schneier was born with the Phaistos Disk in his fist.
Bruce Schneier whistles white noise.
Bruce Schneier won the coin toss between Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard.
Bruce Schneier writes his personal journal in Linear A.
Bruce Schneier wrote Blowfish in Malbolge. 
Bruce Schneier wrote the random number generator used to generate thermal noise
Bruce uses Turing tape as toilet paper.
Consider an arbitrary stochastic variable. Bruce Schneier will have an effect on its outcome. 
If Bruce Schneier made laws nobody could break them.
It is impossible to hide information from Bruce Schneier. Not even by destroying it.
I wear Bruce Schneier brand underpants to protect me from binarysexuals
lolcats are Bruce Schneiers proof that steganography works.
Most people salt their hash. Bruce salt and peppers his.
My firewall cannot block www.schneier.com.
No subgroup is hidden from Bruce Schneier.
No TOR destinations are hidden from Bruce Schneier.
Once Bruce Schneier was kidnapped and taken out of the country. His kidnappers got picked up and charged with a violation of US cryptography export laws.
Only Bruce Schneier will be able to decipher the steganographic payload hiding in this fact.
Only one security god has a surname with three adjacent vowels.
Others test numbers to see whether they are prime.  Bruce decides whether a number is prime.
Parallel lines meet at Bruce Schneier.
Perfect Forward Secrecy is when Bruce Schneier whispers something in your ear.
Schneier knows if Reiser did it.
Science is defined as mankinds futile attempt at learning Bruce Schneiers private key
Stephen Hawking changed his opinion on the information paradox when he realized that not even black holes can hide information from Bruce Schneier.
Strong cryptography does not exist for Bruce Schneier. There is only weak and less weak cryptography.
The Dining Cryptographers always wait until Bruce Schneier has been served.
The enemy only knows the system because Bruce Schneier wants him to know the system.
The last cryptologist who questioned Bruce Schneier was found floating face down in his own entropy pool.
The only fully secure symmetric cryptosystem is Bruce Schneier looking in a mirror.
The phonograph record included on the Voyager probe contains a hidden watermark inserted by Bruce Schneier.
There are no composite numbers. Only prime numbers Bruce has broken into smaller pieces.
There are no finite state machines. There are only a series of states that Bruce Schneier allows to exist.
There are no prime numbers. Only numbers that Bruce Schneier does not want you to factor.
There is no Information Theory. Just data that Bruce Schneier allows to be quantified and transmitted on a channel.
There is no protocol to play Mental Poker that prevents Bruce Schneier keeping aces up his sleeve.
The spacing between Bruce Schneiers ribs forms an Optimal Golomb Ruler.
The universe exists because Bruce needed a reference platform
This fact has been removed... by Bruce Schneier
When Bruce Schneier calculates the square root of a negative number the result is real.
When Bruce Schneier reads from his entropy pool the universe contracts
When Bruce Schneier signs a legal document it can no longer be compressed.
When Bruce Schneier skateboards he uses one time knee pads
Your sysadmin can reset your password. Bruce Schneier can reset your fingerprints.
